BitF Core integration/staging repository
=================================================

BitF (BITF) is a project inspired by the Bitcoin blockchain.  The BitF blockchain uses much of the original Bitcoin source with some modifications.  It eliminates excessive power consumption associated with mining in favor of proof-of-stake. It has become apparent that almost all cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile. Many coins have launched and failed simply because they ran out of money and support. Its difficult to determine the worth of an asset that produces no revenue and has no assets.  Through POS rewards BitF will be able to grow a it’s treasury. BitF will buy a basket of currencies providing BitF with a tangible reserve that can be used to inject capital into BitF.  When all the coins have been minted - BitF will continue to grow the treasury stake indefinitely through the collection of masternode transaction fees.  Throughout the year, masternode participants will be able to vote on how the treasury operates - including the injection of capital through buybacks can occur regardless of market conditions - as long as there is consensus amongst the masternodes. Access to treasury capital will act as a stabilizing force.  The goal of BitF is to provide stability and liquidity to asset holders by establishing a Treasury that will operate without a central banker but through masternode consensus. BitF will distribute control of its entire stake to masternode operators who will carry out the financial decisions voted on by all masternode operators. All BitF company coins will be under the control of masternode Trustees.   BitF is a POS coin with a business model that ensures the long term viability of the project.  Through the use of POS rewards - BitF LLC will build a treasury of stable assets.  Stakeholder will be rewarded for supporting the project through Proof-Of-Stake rewards. Users transacting in BitF can feel confident knowing that there are resources available to keep the project viable and provide liquidity to the market as determined thorough masternode votes which are transparently recorded on our blockchain.

- Decentralized blockchain voting providing for consensus based advancement of the current Masternode
  technology used to secure the network and provide the above features, each Masternode is secured
  with a collateral of 5000 BitF.

